docs: CNCF onboarding (#236)
bank-vaults/bank-vaults.dev: content/docs/_index.md

- If you are new to **Bank-Vaults**, begin with the [getting started guide]({{<relref "installing">}}).
- If you need help using Bank-Vaults, see the [Support page]({{< relref "/docs/support.md" >}}) for ways to contact us.

## Support

> If you encounter problems while using Bank-Vaults that the documentation does not address, you can [open an issue](https://github.com/bank-vaults/bank-vaults/issues) or talk to us on the [CNCF Slack]({{< relref "/docs/support.md" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter problems while using Bank-Vaults that the documentation does not address, you can [open an issue](https://github.com/bank-vaults/bank-vaults/issues) or write us on [Slack]({{< relref "/docs/support.md" >}}).
```
